ma261-s19/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

## [](#course) MA 261 Spring 2019 — sections 656, 664, and 672
This is the website for sections 656 (9:30 AM), 664 (8:30 AM), and 672 (7:30 AM)
for [Dominic Naughton](http://www.math.purdue.edu/people/bio/naughton)'s MA 261
lecture. For the course website [click here](https://www.math.purdue.edu/MA261).
Here is a link to the [course
calendar](https://www.math.purdue.edu/academic/files/courses/2019spring/MA26100/MA261-S19-calendar.html),
in it you will find important dates regarding the course. My office hours are

| Day       | Time           |
| :-------: | :------------: |
| Tuesday   | 2:30—5:20 PM   |

[Quiz 1](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_1.pdf)in the [Math Resource
Room](https://www.math.purdue.edu/academic/courses/helproom) or in my office
MATH 717 by appointment. You can find also consult other Math 261 TAs; see the
official schedule Math Resource Room schedule
[here](https://www.math.purdue.edu/academic/officehours).

### [](#announce) Announcements
>Exam 2 grades have been uploaded to WebAssign. The total average was **70.1** with a standard deviation of **21.9**.

### [](#links) Links and notes
* [Paul's Online Notes for Calc III](http://tutorial.math.lamar.edu/Classes/CalcIII/CalcIII.aspx)
* [Quadratic surfaces](http://mathworld.wolfram.com/QuadraticSurface.html)
* [Solutions to Exam 1](notes/MA261-E1-S19-Sols.pdf)

### [](#sols) Quiz solutions
Here are the solutions to the quiz problems from recitation.

| Blank                           | Solutions                            |  Average |  St. dev. |
| :----------------------------:  | :--------------------------------:   | :------: | :-------: |
| [1](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_1.pdf)   | [1](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_1_Sols.pdf)   |     15.6 |       5.3 |
| [2](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_2.pdf)   | [2](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_2_Sols.pdf)   |     17.6 |       4.6 |
| [3](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_3.pdf)   | [3](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_3_Sols.pdf)   |     18.3 |       2.7 |
| [4](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_4.pdf)   | [4](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_4_Sols.pdf)   |     14.8 |       4.0 |
| [5](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_5.pdf)   | [5](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_5_Sols.pdf)   |       20 |         0 |
| [6](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_6.pdf)   | [6](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_6_Sols.pdf)   |       16 |       3.1 |
| [7](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_7.pdf)   | [7](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_7_Sols.pdf)   |     16.1 |       4.6 |
| [8](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_8.pdf)   | [8](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_8_Sols.pdf)   |     17.5 |      3.36 |
| [9](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_9.pdf)   | [9](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_9_Sols.pdf)   |     15.6 |       3.4 |
| canceled                        | canceled                             |      N/A |       N/A |
| [11](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_11.pdf) | [11](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_11_Sols.pdf) |     16.9 |       2.7 |
<<<<<<< HEAD
| [12](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_12.pdf) | [12](quizze/MA261_Quiz_12_Sols.pdf)  |     14.6 | 3.6       |
=======
| [12](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_12.pdf) | [12](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_12_Sols.pdf) |          |           |
>>>>>>> 3a4e01a4dee7497bebc96b838e4fea4cee55b825

Back to [Teaching](../#-teaching).

Commit message:

Added solutions to the second midterm and posted information about tomorrow's review ssesion.

ma261-s19/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

## [](#course) MA 261 Spring 2019 — sections 656, 664, and 672
This is the website for sections 656 (9:30 AM), 664 (8:30 AM), and 672 (7:30 AM)
for [Dominic Naughton](http://www.math.purdue.edu/people/bio/naughton)'s MA 261
lecture. For the course website [click here](https://www.math.purdue.edu/MA261).
Here is a link to the [course
calendar](https://www.math.purdue.edu/academic/files/courses/2019spring/MA26100/MA261-S19-calendar.html),
in it you will find important dates regarding the course. My office hours are

| Day       | Time           |
| :-------: | :------------: |
| Tuesday   | 2:30—5:20 PM   |

[Quiz 1](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_1.pdf)in the [Math Resource
Room](https://www.math.purdue.edu/academic/courses/helproom) or in my office
MATH 717 by appointment. You can find also consult other Math 261 TAs; see the
official schedule Math Resource Room schedule
[here](https://www.math.purdue.edu/academic/officehours).

### [](#announce) Announcements
>We will be having a review session for the final. The review session will be held in REC 123 on Saturday, April 27, from 12 PM to 3 PM.

### [](#links) Links and notes
* [Paul's Online Notes for Calc III](http://tutorial.math.lamar.edu/Classes/CalcIII/CalcIII.aspx)
* [Quadratic surfaces](http://mathworld.wolfram.com/QuadraticSurface.html)
* [Solutions to Exam 1](notes/MA261-E1-S19-Sols.pdf)
* [Solutions to Exam 2](notes/MA261-E2-S19-Sols.pdf)

### [](#sols) Quiz solutions
Here are the solutions to the quiz problems from recitation.

| Blank                           | Solutions                            |  Average |  St. dev. |
| :----------------------------:  | :--------------------------------:   | :------: | :-------: |
| [1](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_1.pdf)   | [1](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_1_Sols.pdf)   |     15.6 |       5.3 |
| [2](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_2.pdf)   | [2](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_2_Sols.pdf)   |     17.6 |       4.6 |
| [3](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_3.pdf)   | [3](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_3_Sols.pdf)   |     18.3 |       2.7 |
| [4](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_4.pdf)   | [4](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_4_Sols.pdf)   |     14.8 |       4.0 |
| [5](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_5.pdf)   | [5](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_5_Sols.pdf)   |       20 |         0 |
| [6](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_6.pdf)   | [6](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_6_Sols.pdf)   |       16 |       3.1 |
| [7](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_7.pdf)   | [7](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_7_Sols.pdf)   |     16.1 |       4.6 |
| [8](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_8.pdf)   | [8](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_8_Sols.pdf)   |     17.5 |      3.36 |
| [9](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_9.pdf)   | [9](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_9_Sols.pdf)   |     15.6 |       3.4 |
| canceled                        | canceled                             |      N/A |       N/A |
| [11](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_11.pdf) | [11](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_11_Sols.pdf) |     16.9 |       2.7 |
| [12](quizzes/MA261_Quiz_12.pdf) | [12](quizze/MA261_Quiz_12_Sols.pdf)  |     14.6 | 3.6       |

Back to [Teaching](../#-teaching).
